---
title: "Summary 2023, Live Page URL, Japan Contents"
date: 2024-01-04T22:49:23+08:00
draft: false
type: "post"

---

Happy New Year STAY~!! It's the year of our 00z 游낼游낼游낼游낼 the year of Yongbok 游! I worked on some minor updates after celebrating new year 游뱅

## Summary 2023
[Summary 2023](/summary/) is now filled up. The thumbnail size was fixed. Clicking to pages will load on the current tab instead of opening another tab.

## Live Page URL
URL of [Live page](/live/) is changed form "/vlive" to "/live". Even if you go to links with "/vlive" it will go to the new URL.

## Japan Contents
Japan contents are re-organized. "Stray Kids Japan" in Artistry Page is moved to Shows Page and has a new name ["Stray Kids Japan YT"](/shows/skz-japan/). Contents from their official Japan Youtube channel are put here unless the content fits other categories like Music & Performance Video, Album Specials, etc. ["Japan Contents"](/shows/japan-contents/) page is for Japan show contents outside Stray Kids channel. Honestly it's hard to look for and save Japan contents because of copyright issues 游땴

## Minor UI change
Scrollable box for the contents is removed so it's easier to scroll. Only scroll through the page, no more double scrolls. The color of scrollbar for desktop view is changed.

  
  
For this year too I will keep on linking contents to this website. I will also RT on [@CH_SKZ_](https://twitter.com/CH_SKZ_) SKZ videos that will not be here.

That's all for now. Let's have another wonderful year filled with Stray Kids contents 游봃
